In 1916, two girls of wealthy families, best friends from
Auburn, N. Y. — Dorothy Woodruff and Rosamond Underwood —
traveled to a settlement in the Rocky Mountains to teach in a
one-room schoolhouse. The girls had gone to Smith College. They
wore expensive clothes. So, for them to move to Elkhead, Colo.
to instruct the children whose shoes were held together with
string was a surprise. Their stay in Elkhead is the subject of
Nothing Daunted: The Unexpected Education of Two Society Girls
in the West by Dorothy Wickenden, who is a magazine editor and
Dorothy Woodruff’s granddaughter.
Why did they go then? Well, they wanted to do something useful.
Soon, however, they realized what they had undertaken.
They moved in with a local family, the Harrisons, and, like
them, had little privacy, rare baths, and a blanket of snow on
their quilt when they woke up in the morning. Some mornings,
Rosamond and Dorothy would arrive at the schoolhouse to find the
children weeping from the cold. In spring, the snow was replaced
by mud over ice.
In Wickenden’s book, she expanded on the history of the West and
also on feminism, which of course influenced the girls’ decision
to go to Elkhead. A hair-raising section concerns the building
of the railroads, which entailed (牵涉) drilling through the
Rockies, often in blinding snowstorms. The book ends with
Rosamond and Dorothy’s return to Auburn.
Wickenden is a very good storyteller. The sweep of the land and
the stoicism (坚忍) of the people move her to some beautiful
writing. Here is a picture of Dorothy Woodruff, on her horse,
looking down from a hill top: “When the sun slipped behind the
mountains, it shed a rosy glow all around them. Then a full moon
rose. The snow was marked only by small animals: foxes, coyotes,
mice, and varying hares, which turned white in the winter.”

1916年，两个富有家庭的女孩，来自auburn n.y.的dorethy woodruff 和 Rosamond Under wood前往recky 山脉 的一个小学校定居。
女孩们去了史密斯学院。他们穿着昂贵的衣服，所以当他们去了科罗拉多州的Elkhead 去指导穿着破旧鞋子的孩子们时，人们都感到很惊讶。
他们逗留在Elkhead是Dorothy wickenden书中的主题《nothing Daunted》：The Unexpected Education of Two Society Girls
in the West，他是一个杂志编辑也是Dorethy woodruff 的孙女。那么为什么他们要去那里？他们想做一些有用的事情，然而不久之后他
们认识到自己的义务。他们搬去了一户当地人家哈里森家与他们一起住，和哈里森家一样。他们几乎没有隐私，很少洗澡，当早上起来时被子
上还盖着一层雪。一些早晨，Rosamond 和 Dorothy 会到校舍里找孩子们，孩子们冻的直哭。春天，雪被冰上的泥土取代了。
在Wickenden的书里，她详细描述了西部的历史和对女性主义的看法，这也影响了两个女孩去Elkhead的决定。书中有一段毛骨悚然的内容
，描述了铁路修建的过程，需要在Rockies山脉中钻孔穿过，经常在大学纷飞的情况下进行。书的最后，书的最后两个女孩返回了Auburn.
Wickenden是一个很会讲故事的人.广泛的土地和坚忍的人们激励他去进行优美的写作。这是一张Dorothy Woodruff的画像，她骑着马，她在山顶俯视着下面：
当太阳从山后落下时，它在周围洒下了一片玫瑰色的光辉。然后满月升起。雪地上只有小动物留下的痕迹：狐狸、郊狼、老鼠和变色兔，它们在冬天会变成白色。”
