Why is the sea salt? Long before we discovered scientific ways
of thinking about it, we explained it in a story. Even though
2022年江⻄省中考英语 7
the answer isn’t scientific, it holds some other truth in it —
especially about the human heart.
Long ago, a poor old couple lived on the coast. One day, an old
storyteller came to their village. The old couple gave him a
meal. In return, he gave them a coffee mill (磨粉机) and said,
“Say, ‘Mill, please grind (磨粉)’,” and it’ll make whatever you
want, to stop it, say ‘Mill, please cease (停⽌) grinding’.”
Soon the old couple had a much better life. They’d been happy
people, and they didn’t need much more. But the young couple
next door was never satisfied. When they saw the old couple
wearing good clothes and buying good food, they burnt with envy
(羡慕). So, one day, the young husband went to the old couple’s
house secretly and heard, “Mill, please grind hot chocolate!” He
was surprised to see it coming out.
Then the young couple stole the mill from the old couple. With
it, they rode a horse and set off down the coast, where no one
would know them. Along the way, the husband showed proudly and
asked, “What do you want it to make?” “Oh. I don’t know. Why not
salt?” the wife said. “Mill, please grind salt!” he said. “It
works!” the wife shouted. But then they noticed the salt went
everywhere. “Make it stop,” the wife said. But the husband
didn’t know how. “Mill, please stop grinding! Please, no more!”
His words didn’t work. The mill kept grinding. Finally, the
young husband threw the mill into the sea as far as he could.
And there it’s been, for hundreds of years, endlessly grinding
salt. That’s why the sea is salt.

为什么海是咸的？在我们用科学方式发现之前，我们用故事来解释它。以前的认知答案不是科学的
，但它仍然包含了一些其他的真理——特别是关于人类的内心。。
很久之前，一对贫穷的夫妇生活海岸边.有一天，一个会讲故事的老人去了他们村庄。这对夫妇给了他一顿饭。

作为回报，他给了这对夫妇一个磨粉机并对他们说：可以用来磨粉，可以做出任何你想要的东西，
要停止它，说磨粉机请停止磨粉。不久这对年迈夫妻有了不错的生活。就这样他们过的很开心，不需要更多。
但是隔壁年轻的夫妻并不满足，当他们看到那对老年夫妻穿着很好的衣服又可以买很多吃的，他们羡慕的要命。
所以有一天，年轻的丈夫偷偷去了老年夫妇的家里并听到，请磨一些热巧克力!他看到巧克力就这样磨好了，觉得很惊讶。

之后他们从老人家里偷来了磨粉机.他们骑着马离开了海岸边,没有一个人知道他们去了哪里。
一路上，丈夫骄傲的问道：你想用它来做些什么？妻子：额，我也不知道，为什么我们不用来做盐呢？
丈夫说：磨粉机磨些盐出来。妻子大声喊道：它真的在磨！之后他们注意到磨粉机一直在磨盐，到处都是。
妻子说：快关掉它。但是丈夫不知道如何关掉机器。磨粉机不要再磨盐了，请停止，不要再磨了。他的话并不管用，
磨粉机还在继续磨盐。最后，男人把磨粉机丢在了很远的海中，又过了许久，几百年以后，不停地磨盐，这就是还为什么是咸的。