Today, by carefully choosing dog parents, humans have created
many different kinds of dog. Each kind has its own look and
talents and its own role within human society. Here are three
examples of “a dog’s life” in the human world.
Today, many hospitals let specially trained dogs in to bring
love and cheer to patients. Shaynee is a therapy（治疗）dog. She
visits children who are in hospital. Dogs like Shaynee help
patients feel calm and at peace which can be hard in a busy
hospital. They help both children and adults stay strong during
long hospital stays, and, some suggest, even help them get
better.
Today some beagles（小猎犬）work in airports for the government.
They are part of the program called the Beagle Brigade. A beagle
is good for the work because of its powerful nose, and ability
to follow smells. The Beagle Brigade’s job is to smell
everything that comes into the country. They make officers
notice illegal（非法的）fruits, vegetables, and other foods in
luggage or in mail. The beagles do the job far better than any
human could.
While some dogs are working hard, others are free to spend their
days resting and playing. Across the world, many pet dogs are
treated like children. Many have their own rooms and all the
things a dog could want. Some even have their own clothes. Many
of these pets spend their days playing, learning to follow or
even going to classes. Their owners give them the best, and
enjoy doing so.
Whether as workers or objects of affection（钟情）dogs have become
helpful to humans in many ways. There are plenty of advantages
for the dog, too. Many kinds of wild dogs have nearly
disappeared from the Earth. However, the domestic dog’s special
place as “man’s best friend” has allowed it to survive （存活）in
a human world.

现在，人们养着多种不同类型的狗，要小心选择狗的父母。每一种狗都有自己的外貌和天赋，他们在人类社会扮演不同的角色。
这里是三个例子，描述人类世界中狗的生活。

现在，很多医院可以让受到特殊训练的狗进入，可以为患者带来爱和欢乐。Shaynee是一只疗养犬。
在医院的时候他去拜访了孩子们，像Shaynee这样的狗能帮助病人感到平静和安宁，这在繁忙的医院里是很难做到的。
它们能帮助儿童和成人在长期住院期间保持坚强，甚至有人认为，它们还能帮助病人康复。

现在，一些小猎犬为政府在机场中工作。小猎犬工作很棒，因为他们有着它有灵敏的鼻子，能够通过气味来追踪。
Beagle的职责是去嗅任何进去国家的东西。他们让海关注意到在行李或邮件中非法的水果，蔬菜以及其他的食物。
小猎犬来做这份工作比任何人做的更好。

当一些狗努力工作时，其他的狗可以整天自由的玩耍和休息。遍布全球，许多宠物狗被像孩子一样对待。
大多都有属于自己房间和所有想要的东西。甚至有些狗还有自己的衣服，许多宠物整天玩耍，学习跟随并甚至去上课。
它们的主人给它们最好的，并享受这样做。

无论是作为工作犬还是钟情对象，狗在许多方面都对人类有所帮助。对于狗来说，也有很多好处。许多种野生狗几乎
已经从地球上消失。然而，家养狗作为“人类最好的朋友”的特殊地位使它能够在人类世界中存活下来。