When almost everyone has a mobile phone, why are more than half of Australian homes still paying for a landline（座机）?
These days you’d be hard pressed to find anyone in Australia over the age of 15 who doesn’t own a mobile phone. In fact
plenty of younger kids have one in their pocket. Practically everyone can make and receive calls anywhere, anytime.
Still, 55 percent of Australians have a landline phone at home and only just over a quarter （29%） rely only on their
smartphones according to a survey （调查）. Of those Australians who still have a landline, a third concede that it’s not really
 necessary and they’re keeping it as a security blanket — 19 percent say they never use it while a further 13 percent keep it
in case of emergencies. I think my home falls into that category.
More than half of Australian homes are still choosing to stick with their home phone. Age is naturally a factor（因素）— only 58
percent of Generation Ys still use landlines now and then,
compared to 84 percent of Baby Boomers who’ve perhaps had the same home number for 50 years. Age isn’t the only factor; I’d
say it’s also to do with the makeup of your household.
Generation Xers with young families, like my wife and I, can still find it convenient to have a home phone rather than
providing a mobile phone for every family member. That said, to
be honest the only people who ever ring our home phone are our Baby Boomers parents, to the point where we play a game and
guess who is calling before we pick up the phone（using Caller ID would take the fun out of it）.
How attached are you to your landline? How long until they go
the way of gas street lamps and morning milk deliveries?
几乎人人都有一部移动手机，为什么还有超过一半的澳大利亚家庭里仍有一部座机？
如今在澳大利亚很难找到任何一个超过15岁没有手机的人。实际上，许多孩子在他们的口袋里就有一部手机。几乎每个人都可以随时随地接打电话。
根据一项调查中，仍然有55%的澳大利亚家庭里有一部座机 只有四分之一多一点的人29%只依赖他们的智能手机。
在那些仍然有固定电话的澳大利亚人中，三分之一的人承认座机不是真正必要的他们把他当作安全毯-19%的人表示从未使用过，13%的人保留只为在紧急情况下使用。我认为我家里就是属于这一类。
超过一半的澳大利亚家庭仍然选择继续使用他们的家庭号码。自然年龄是一个因素，只有58%的 YS一代人仍然使用座机。相比之下，相比之下，84%的婴儿潮一代可能在50年来一直拥有相同的家庭号码。
年龄不是唯一的因素；我想说，这和你的家庭构成也有关。
Xers一代的年轻家庭，像我的妻子和我，仍然可以发现使用一个家庭电话，而不是给每个家庭成员提供一个手机要方便。即便如此，说实话只有婴儿潮一代的父母打我们的家庭电话，以至于我们在玩游戏，在我们拿起电话之前猜猜谁在打电话（使用来电显示会从中获得乐趣）。
你对你的固定电话有多依恋？还要过多久它们才会像煤气路灯以及早晨送牛奶那样最终消失呢？



你听说过塑料正在污染海洋，每年有480万吨~1270万吨的塑料进入海洋生态系统。但是一个塑料吸管或杯子
真的有区别吗？艺术家本杰明 Von Wong想让你知道确实如此，
https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1a34y1y76U/


